README.md, before:

# Ghost Ocular Implants Upgrade

[![N|Solid](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/starcraft/images/1/1e/InterOcImp_Terran_SC1.PNG/revision/latest?cb=20100605035249)](https://github.com/wbarahona/ghost-ocular-implants)

**Cost:**
**100** Mineral ![N|Solid](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/starcraft/images/a/a3/Minerals_Terran_SC1.png/revision/latest?cb=20080313030234)
**100** Gas ![N|Solid](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/starcraft/images/a/aa/Gas_Terran_SC1.png/revision/latest?cb=20080313024810)

Increases ghost sight range by 2 (to 11), making sight range greater than the nuke blast radius and allowing ghost to search for posts by title and tag names.

---

## Usage
Above all you need to activate the public API by logging into the admin, then click on Labs, then click on public API. Follow these [instructions](https://www.ghostforbeginners.com/how-to-enable-ghosts-public-api/) for further info.

Now, you need to define some html markup, a form with an input element will do the trick.
```html
    <form action="/">
        <input type="text" name="search" class="search" />
    </form>
    <ul id="results"></ul>
```

Then you need some javascript like:
```javascript
    $('.search').ghostOcularImplants();
```

Et Voil&agrave;! You can now search through the post list and display results into a result box.

---

### Options
You can customize certain parameters on how this plugin will behave:

### Results
By default and as a fallback, the results are appended to a results element identified by id="results" or to the body but you better define a results box of your own.
Create a results box like the example below
```html
    <ul class="post-results"></ul>
```
Once you have to defined a searchbox, you can pass it by setting the name in the parameters.

```javascript
    $('.search').ghostOcularImplants({results: '.post-results'});
```

### Template
The default template is a list item with a link pointing to the post url, the post title, the post tags and the post date.
You can have a custom template as well, and you can define the field outputs in &agrave;la [handlebars] fashion.
```javascript
    {template: '<li>{{title}}</li>'}
```
This later will be replaced by the post title under a list item.
You can have access to the response, if you further read the [ghostapi-post] response you can state what entities or properties you want to output in your template.
```javascript
    {template: '<li>{{slug}} - {{title}} - {{author.name}}<li>'}
```
The above will output a list item with the post slug - the title - author name


**About the {{tags}} entity:**
This 'special' entity will output the post tags automatically for you, so you need only to place the entity and done, all post tags will be shown separated by comma.

**About the {{date: [ date format ]**
This 'special' entity will output the post date in a friendly way, as ghost blog stores the save date as string in javascript date format we can have access to it and modify it as we see fit, but this plugin has a more friendly way to present dates other than **"2017-01-10T17:24:55.000Z"**. Now you can simply use:
```javascript
    {template: '<li>{{title}} on: {{date: MM-DD-YYYY}}</li>'}
```
That above will output the post date in the MM-DD-YYYY format, sadfuly for now you can only use the following formats:
- MM-DD-YYYY
- MMM-DD-YYYY
- DD-MM-YYYY
- DD-MMM-YYYY
- YYYY-MM-DD
- YYYY-MMM-DD

and all the above with the two digit year format (YY).

### No results template
You can define a custom template when no results are found, you can set it by passing the following option:
```javascript
    {noresults: '<p>Welp! No results, no fun!</p>'}
```
The above defines a custom message for the user, easy!

---

## Todos

 - Write Tests
 - Output debugging method
 - More date formats
 - Time entity

---

## About

This plugin was written by me, [willmer], if you have further comments reach me at [@wubarahona].
I hope you find this little plugin useful :) feel free to fork it and extend it.

License
----

GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE




   [mustache]: <http://handlebarsjs.com/>
   [git-repo-url]: <https://github.com/wbarahona/ghost-ocular-implants>
   [willmer]: <http://wbarahona.me>
   [@wubarahona]: <http://twitter.com/wubarahona>
   [ghostapi-post]: <https://api.ghost.org/docs/posts>

Commit message:

new entities tags_class, time, excerpt
New entities and some fixes

README.md, after:

# Ghost Ocular Implants Upgrade

[![N|Solid](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/starcraft/images/1/1e/InterOcImp_Terran_SC1.PNG/revision/latest?cb=20100605035249)](https://github.com/wbarahona/ghost-ocular-implants)

**Cost:**
**100** Mineral ![N|Solid](http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/starcraft/images/a/a3/Minerals_Terran_SC1.png/revision/latest?cb=20080313030234)
**100** Gas ![N|Solid](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/starcraft/images/a/aa/Gas_Terran_SC1.png/revision/latest?cb=20080313024810)

Increases ghost sight range by 2 (to 11), making sight range greater than the nuke blast radius and allowing ghost to search for posts by title and tag names.

---

## Usage
Above all you need to activate the public API by logging into the admin, then click on Labs, then click on public API. Follow these [instructions](https://www.ghostforbeginners.com/how-to-enable-ghosts-public-api/) for further info.

Now, you need to define some html markup, a form with an input element will do the trick.
```html
    <form action="/">
        <input type="text" name="search" class="search" />
    </form>
    <ul id="results"></ul>
```

Then you need some javascript like:
```javascript
    $('.search').ghostOcularImplants();
```

Et Voil&agrave;! You can now search through the post list and display results into a result box.

---

### Options
You can customize certain parameters on how this plugin will behave:

### Results
By default and as a fallback, the results are appended to a results element identified by id="results" or to the body but you better define a results box of your own.
Create a results box like the example below
```html
    <ul class="post-results"></ul>
```
Once you have to defined a searchbox, you can pass it by setting the name in the parameters.

```javascript
    $('.search').ghostOcularImplants({results: '.post-results'});
```

### Template
The default template is a list item with a link pointing to the post url, the post title, the post tags and the post date.
You can have a custom template as well, and you can define the field outputs in &agrave;la [handlebars] fashion.
```javascript
    {template: '<li>{{title}}</li>'}
```
This later will be replaced by the post title under a list item.
You can have access to the response, if you further read the [ghostapi-post] response you can state what entities or properties you want to output in your template.
```javascript
    {template: '<li>{{slug}} - {{title}} - {{author.name}}<li>'}
```
The above will output a list item with the post slug - the title - author name


**About the {{tags}} entity:**
This 'special' entity will output the post tags automatically for you, so you need only to place the entity and done, all post tags will be shown separated by comma.

**About the {{tags_class: [prefix]}}**
This 'special' entity will output the post tags separated by a space, you can define a prefix for the tag class. You can use it as follows:
```html
    <div class="{{tags_class: tag-}}">
```

This above will output

```html
    <div class="tag-insights tag-ghost tag-planes tag-honduras">
```

**About the {{date: [ date format ]**
This 'special' entity will output the post date in a friendly way, as ghost blog stores the save date as string in javascript date format we can have access to it and modify it as we see fit, but this plugin has a more friendly way to present dates other than **"2017-01-10T17:24:55.000Z"**. Now you can simply use:
```javascript
    {template: '<li>{{title}} on: {{date: MM-DD-YYYY}}</li>'}
```
That above will output the post date in the MM-DD-YYYY format, sadfuly for now you can only use the following formats:
- MM-DD-YYYY
- MMM-DD-YYYY
- DD-MM-YYYY
- DD-MMM-YYYY
- YYYY-MM-DD
- YYYY-MMM-DD

and all the above with the two digit year format (YY).

**About the {{time: [ time-format ]}}**
This 'special' entity will output the post time in a friendly way, this entity can be used in the same fashion as the date entity.

**About the {{excerpt: [ words length ]}}**
This 'special' entity will output a post excerpt based on the post html, will display a defined word number. Easy as that!
```javascript
    {template: '<li>{{title}} >> {{excerpt: 10}}</li>'}
```
This excerpt will have 10 words long from the begining of the post.

### No results template
You can define a custom template when no results are found, you can set it by passing the following option:
```javascript
    {noresults: '<p>Welp! No results, no fun!</p>'}
```
The above defines a custom message for the user, easy!

---

## Todos

 - Write Tests
 - Output debugging method
 - More date formats
 - Time entity

---

## About

This plugin was written by me, [willmer], if you have further comments reach me at [@wubarahona].
I hope you find this little plugin useful :) feel free to fork it and extend it.

License
----

GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE




   [handlebars]: <http://handlebarsjs.com/>
   [git-repo-url]: <https://github.com/wbarahona/ghost-ocular-implants>
   [willmer]: <http://wbarahona.me>
   [@wubarahona]: <http://twitter.com/wubarahona>
   [ghostapi-post]: <https://api.ghost.org/docs/posts>
